ground by teams
that we are winning welcome to all
one more time to my channel I'm marco ox this
new here with all of you for
bring you and present my first
first very first first game
online in this map of xpress playing
with the scorpion evo and well I was
accompanied in this departure of the lord
elias 360 of angel and josemi so
Well, let's see what it is that
the truth is that to be the
first game I must say that the
final result was not too good
but well I imagine that as to the
most of you will have passed the
connection I personally must say
that you notice a lot very much
very much
because although it appears that we are going with three
bars and wash all the time between three
bars and two
just happened to yellow let's go the
The truth is that the
connection difference is something in which
surely you will all agree
with me imagine that they will have to touch and
touch up that topic a lot since it's something
that is quite out of tune otherwise
more good then get used to it during
all this last year to play modern
warfare 3 what good do you lower them or
less will be quick because if it gets complicated
quite at the time of casualties you have to
give enough shots to the rivals so
except I 've noticed it like that I do not know about you
what you will say to me saying in the
comments or what will you leave me
reflected in the comments of
surprising could help me quite
so yes, well, nothing like you are
watching is a team duel in this
map of xpress and to me personally is a
map that I'm really liking has
quite a few options and well then we'll see
to see if it is finally incorporated to
competitive or not I think that excited
the laser could be that maybe it 's
a tad broad but we'll see we'll see
see what is what is done to
final , I will speak in another video of the
issues of competitive standards and
the things that are incorporated but
well I mainly wanted to bring you this
video because it's my first Christmas and I
I felt like you did not want me
upload it and you see how good that
It is never easy to start a new game
and that for everyone is complicated so
those who have started and are giving us
very well you overwhelm us too much
bogged down too much because then things
they change so calm is worth more
little things I want to talk about good
the version that I'm playing in
concrete is playstation 3 is worth as
you know, I have both
both platforms both play 3 and xbox
360 this time is a game in
play 3 as I say and well I can
comment then look that he was
playing these games that I played like me
was dictated with the days
josemi and angel but later
then later and a little more
late
I started trying to play and I do not know what happened
that already began to leave not to leave pardon
to restrict the online games not
let me play I do not understand why
I was not looking for a game, I logged out
next I could not try
if I let myself play but nevertheless at
rest of classmates did not let them play
I tried to search for myself by group
it left the truth quite frustrating
everyone on xbox playing smash
both platforms between to play in
team
but nevertheless play 3 that you could not
play there were people that we are when
they alone the people had to unite and
things like this but good and then
finally I stayed with a friend we played
5 games that you make 5 games and another
once again did not let us not leave us
play so we did not play
with competitive since the
competitive as my good friend would say
idrac are threw there we were giving a
little knowing the maps a little bit
seeing a little the maps that to me
personally he had to say that there
enough that I have been prescribed enough
just like there are others that I did not like
or anything I do not remember this one that has the
plane well in the middle that is very elongated
with three aisles if I do not like anything not
I remember exactly what it's called
map but surely you know which one is
because the horrible map at least
for my taste
and well, what I was saying
finally last night almost there
late on about four o'clock and
half five began to let play online
again I hope that today it is working
also because I wish I could be
some games finally online is
really good up to where not up
where ages and this game try several
several of the advantages and little things of this
new type especially for for then
to go see more things personally
this when right now with the
hi pwd I think it's called forgive me
that is very informed of the names of
the weapons and why is that because
I have not had much time for
play but well I can pretty much say
which is the second one is a rifle that
unlocks and they do not go they do not go badly but
but I want to try it with
certain with certain accessories and good
Well, above all try to adjust it to what
best possible to my needs the mp7
yeah it 's going pretty well so I have
tasted to taste goes pretty well but
I think they're going to have to touch and touch up
also the damage to the weapons I do not know
you what will you think is
looking to look here a little a vector
if I remember correctly that I did not dislike
for nothing I use a good cadence a
good damage the only thing that has very little
reach and that limits it limits
quite
On the other hand, well, I'm playing
Zombie games that you already will go
seeing that I will go up more things
in the night of yesterday as I tell you this
game already I tell you that it is my first
departure is the night of the 13th day after
of that presentation of black ops 2 that
of course of course extra and hence
one or two exclusive videos to the channel on
rest then you can see it through the
channel the fame gaming that I have several
several little things recorded as well as
I will put you I will go up surely
here to my channel and 266 watching the low
definitive coincidences of life I went
I
the one that appears in the death chamber
there you have the final score quite
sad, sad, but not good
I took it very badly because as I say
it's the first game I wanted to share
with you and well then making a
little more of emphasis and already to puntito
to say goodbye for not only telling you
that you will see the exclusive videos
here on the channel you will also see videos
in the channel of pain gaming and fotitos
you will also see that I have several photos
that's why upload them and teach you that
presentation of black ops 2 I hope that
may be tomorrow and so you have it already
the sooner it is worth for me nothing more
as always hugs kisses and the host
thank you thank you thank you always thank you
for the support you give me
like and favorites if you liked the
content of the video and we listen to each other in
the next until next time